undefeated floyd mayweather jr. so how
you feeling today my friend on fire yeah
I got it tonight and I was it was a good
fight all respect to our talk I take my
hat off to him he came he gave it his
all but you know tonight was a better
man three days ago we spoke you said it
was going to be easy tonight you proved
that tell us about it I was Phil I came
out and I said I was a plus fight night
when I didn't perform like an a-plus
fighter Paula fans I didn't believe in
me hey you know tune in to pay per view
and you get a chance to see me the
future I just work hard to keep dedicate
myself I mean y'all got y'all got one of
the best shows in the world so you know
all the fans need to turn onto this show
but I'm whenever you want to do
interview i'm wanting to come over to an
interview i want to send you guys gloves
i wanna see you guys t-shirts because
you know you are the guys that talk
positive about me where everybody else
talk negative um you guys still behind
me and have my back and I really really
appreciate it just when you started
picking up during the fight they call it
they stop it what were your thoughts on
that well well of course I'm m1 God live
to fight another day I mean like I said
before I wish victory but I would I
don't wish you know like I always hate
on upon nobody he's a great guy he's a
great champion he's a human highlight at
earth under got his name speaks for
itself a pretty boy floyd not do what i
do and that's that's rack of victories
and be the best I can be you said some
things during this promotion that many
people might think is personal or you
know that's the way you really feel
explain to them what part of the game
that is and where it falls under well I
mean it depends the people know around
the world and I don't hate our talk I
don't hate this guy okay I mean you know
that's box and we talk trash it struck
hard to scar trash talking and we
appreciate everybody who tuned in to pay
per view and bought the fight tonight
just tune too much to my next HBO a
pay-per-view fight cuz no more HBO it
strictly HBO pay-per-view no 12 Arab say
November 12 that's my big big day
hopefully before then it doesn't want to
fight the best they can out there and
keep racking up victories I feel good I
feel strong and I was just I was just I
was on the same employ tonight they say
everybody is the best until they face
floyd mayweather jr.
now you have mentioned that you want to
fight Ricky Hatton how realistic is that
you being with HBO and him being with
Showtime well um I respect Ricky heading
for what do you do hopefully respect I'm
sure I feel they respect me for what I
do and that's a big fight for me that's
a that's a big big fight for me all i
gotta do is take my time staying focused
and it's listen to my team whatever my
team won't you know you know but HBO and
you know right now I'm you know I'm a
free agent I feel good I'm happy but we
don't know what the future holds in
Floyd Mayweather but I know it's big big
fights out there for me I know I'm the
paper humana right if you can't get high
and due to the networks I mean what
other big fight do you think you can
take to the dance and make it a
pay-per-view I don't know i'm going to
talk it over with my team I'm just happy
to get this victory I work so hard and
dedicating myself so hard as fights I
just want to go home you know take a
vacation try to go to the beach Awards
spend time with my kids take them
swimming and you know I'm always willing
to come on your show because you won't
fire tonight I felt I was on fire